Bentos allow you to display text when a user connects to a Cisco router with a switch.
This is often used to display a message perhaps a message of the day indicating that maintenance will
be done on the network or more often these days.
It's used to display a illegal message setting that unauthorized access is not permitted.
If a hacker connects to your router or switch as an example and you don't display some kind of warning
message or some message to indicate that unauthorized access is not permitted it may be more difficult
to prosecute them as they would state that there was no indication that access is not allowed.
It's a very bad idea to have a message saying welcome to my router.
Welcome to my switch because that would indicate that someone is allowed to access that device.
It's a good idea to get some input from your legal department to find out what message should be used
as a corporate policy in specific countries of the world.
You couldn't as an example say that if you access my rod I'm going to shoot you.
That wouldn't be legal.
As an example Benas can display all kinds of text.
Here's an example of a router and I've got configured.
So in this example on into my username and password and I'll be able to log into the router but notice
some kind of message is displayed stating that you shouldn't access the device unless authorized.
And here has some additional information is provided to the user if they want to access these labs.
No such message is displayed by default.
So as an example if telnet from one to rodded to I'm able to log in and all I'm prompted for is the
user access verification which in this case is a password no Benas have been configured on this router
but in a global configuration mode you can use the command Bena and question mark to view various types
of banners that can be configured on a road or switch for the CCN a course we're going to concentrate
on the exec banner log in banner and message of the day Bena other messages such as in-coming can also
be configured but that's not important for CCMA.